feat: add dependencies tools (#99)
Talend/ui-scripts: cdn/versions/README.md

> # Versions tools
> 
> This package contains set of tools to check / control / view the dependencies used across all frontend at Talend.
> 
> ## Getting started
> 
> The package is split into two parts:
> 
> - CLI
> - Webapp
> 
> The root of this package is the cli. You will find the webapp into the subfolder `webapp`
> 
> First you need to provide `GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN` either by using .env file or by passing it using OS env arguments.
> 
> Then you can use the provided npm scripts:
> 
> - npm run build
> - npm run build-data # To only fetch the data
> - npm run build-webapp # To only build the webapp
> - npm start
> 
> Your github token must be validated accross the Talend organisation or the scripts will not be able to fetch the data on it. To do that you can use the button 'Enable SSO' in the security panel on your github token page.
> 
> The build-data script by default use the sub command `all`.
> But you can use other sub commands `injest` or `merge` to only execute one of the step.
> 
> ## How to build
> 
> The `build` npm script do all the step in the correct order.
> The dist folder contains the output of the webapp with the data inside it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Versions tools

This package contains a set of tools to check/control/view the dependencies used across all frontend at Talend.

## Getting started

The package is split into two parts:

- CLI
- Webapp

The root of this package is a CLI. You will find the webapp in the subfolder `webapp`

First, you need to provide `GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN` either by using the .env file or by passing it using OS env arguments.

Then you can use the provided npm scripts:

- npm run build
- npm run build-data # To only fetch the data
- npm run build-webapp # To only build the webapp
- npm start

Your GitHub token must be validated across the Talend organization or the scripts will not be able to fetch the data on it. To do that you can use the button 'Enable SSO' in the security panel on your GitHub token page.

The build-data script by default uses the subcommand `all`.
But you can use other subcommands `ingest` or `merge` to only execute one of the steps.

## How to build

The `build` npm script do all the step in the correct order.
The dist folder contains the output of the webapp with the data inside it.
```
